[Music]
Christopher please step up Christopher
your word is FF r RR n n int that is
correct
take a please step up
Jacob your word is could you repeat that
please yes could you use it in a
sentence please honey I'm going to take
the dog out for a walk well what is the
orange drink
FP FP FP oo FP ESPN I'm sorry that is
incorrect
Ryan the tongue goes to you FP FP FP FP
o o F P ya
P n that is correct
Jacob you are now eliminated
you may go sit down with your
grandparents Christopher your word is o
[Music]
could you use it in a sentence please
this is going to be trouble o origin
Greek what is the definition it is a
type of short holy Sh PR g hg capital P
capital F capital t RG h u h h h o ly sh
t t holy Sh
I'm so sorry that is incorrect Ryan for
the championship you must spell
you must spell h h h space bv h h that
is correct we have an in champion Oh